OK so now we're going to talk about promp types.
What are Propp types so prep times was a built in ability of re-act for type checking.
Now it was included by default and previous versions of react.
Now just like transition's group we will need to install an add on to use prompt type so we will need
to install a dependency for this.
So before you start explaining Propp types and to express that you might never use proc type prop types
if you want to be a good developer but you will need to use Propp types if you don't want to use promp
types.
Your application is going to work just fine.
OK.
So prop types are for type checking.
Let me just show you the chart so you can understand this.
And if you're still interested you can just move forward OK with this section.
So we're going to have Pearn component for example with the state of name last name and age.
Just something real simple.
The Sprint component is going to call to Achaia components.
It's going to pass all the prompts.
OK.
With a name last name and age Propp types is going to be listening inside of this component whatever
the child component receives the new props with name last name and age types.
It's going to check if they have the correct values if something is wrong it's going to throw a warning.
So let's say that name has has a string for example it by default you should be getting a string.
But instead you get a number name.
Well Prop types after each set up is going to check if name has the string if it has a number.
It's going to give you a warning.
So this is the main essence of prop types is just type checking is going to check if everything is correct.
If it's not going to let you know day dude you forgot to do this or I'm getting a different value.
So OK before we start with prop types if you're still interested we need to install this as an add on.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to say NPM install and then it's going to
be called prop up IPN install and then space and promp is going to be Dash and types and is going to
be mine is mine is safe.
I'm using a new project.
Again there's no need for you to type everything or just copy the project is going to be available in
get have.
I'm just going to show you what we need to do.
OK.
So it's install and being installed Propp types.
Mannesmann is save is going to install.
It to take a few seconds and again to stop the video and just move to the next section and start using
types.